Update variables, cleanup, remove `{es}` override (#196)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/developer-tools-troubleshooting.asciidoc

You can update dynamic index settings with the
https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch-serverless/operation/operation-indices-put-settings[**Update index settings API**].
Changing dynamic index settings for a data stream

> // <DocLink id="en{es}ReferenceModifyDataStreams" section="change-a-dynamic-index-setting-for-a-data-stream">Changing dynamic index settings for a data stream</DocLink>

Author: ```suggestion
// <DocLink id="enElasticsearchReferenceModifyDataStreams" section="change-a-dynamic-index-setting-for-a-data-stream">Changing dynamic index settings for a data stream</DocLink>
```
